Cause I hate them dearly to no one twice as well.
Fall in love, fall in late, fall in love, fall in late.
She went to the doctor to do what she could find, to do what she could find, complain to make the old man go blind.
The doctor, they told her to get tomorrow bone, and they can check them all, and he couldn't see her at all.
Fall in love, fall in love, fall in love.
Oh, I'd hold myself this very day, if I could find the way.
See, I'll go along with you, for fear you go astray.
Fall in love, fall in love, fall in love.
They walk away, they walk away, they walk away to the shore.
Turn the kind and loving watch, you better tell your own.
Ball-a-law, ball-a-lay, ball-a-law, ball-a-lay.
She steps back to close the old man She always steps, steps to one side And let her tumble in Foley lay, Foley lay, Foley lay, Foley lay She first began to kick and then began to bowl Tell no kind and loving wife I can't see you at all Foley lay, Foley lay, Foley lay, Foley lay